Including guidance for Windows redirection GPO (#1978)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: OneDrive/redirect-known-folders.md

- [Prevent users from moving their Windows known folders to OneDrive](use-group-policy.md#BlockKnownFolderMove)

For info about using the OneDrive Group Policy objects, see [Use Group Policy to control OneDrive sync app settings](use-group-policy.md).

## Moving from previous Windows Folder Redirection Group Policy
The OneDrive Known Folder Move Group Policy objects won't work if you previously used Windows Folder Redirection Group Policy objects to redirect the Documents, Pictures, or Desktop folders to a location other than OneDrive. The OneDrive Group Policy objects won't affect the Music and Videos folders, so you can keep them redirected with the Windows Group Policy objects. Here are the steps you must take to get into a state where the Known Folder Move Group Policy will work:

> - If folder(s) have been redirected to OneDrive using Windows Folder Redirection Group Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If folder(s) have been redirected to OneDrive using Windows Folder Redirection Group Policy;
```

>   1. Disable the Window Folder Redirection Group Policy, make sure to leave the folder and contents on OneDrive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Disable the Window Folder Redirection Group Policy and make sure to leave the folder and contents on OneDrive.
```

>   2. Enable KFM Group Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Enable KFM Group Policy.
```

>   3. Your known folders shouldn't have moved anywhere

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Your known folders shouldn't have moved anywhere.
```

> - If folder(s) have been redirect to location on local PC 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If folder(s) have been redirected to a location on a local PC;
```

>   1. Disable the Window Folder Redirection Group Policy, make sure to redirect the folder(s) back to the user profile location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Disable the Window Folder Redirection Group Policy and make sure to redirect the folder(s) back to the user profile location.
```

>   2. Enable KFM Group Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Enable KFM Group Policy.
```

>   3. Known folders should be moved successfully to OneDrive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Known folders should have been moved successfully to OneDrive.
```

- If folder(s) have been redirected to Network Share 

>   >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > [!NOTE]
```

>   > Windows 10 Fall Creators Update (version 1709 or later) or Windows Server 2019 and OneDrive build 17.3.7064.1005 or later recommended to get Files on Demand benefits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > Windows 10 Fall Creators Update (version 1709 or later) or Windows Server 2019 and OneDrive build 17.3.7064.1005 or later are recommended to get Files on Demand benefits.
```

>   1. Use a migration tool ([Mover](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepointmigration/mover-fileshare-to-o365), [SharePoint Migration Tool](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepointmigration/introducing-the-sharepoint-migration-tool), etc.) to copy contents in Network Share location to user's ODB, make sure all content goes into existing Documents, Pictures, or Desktop (create if it doesn’t exist) folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Use a migration tool ([Mover](https://docs.microsoft.com/sharepointmigration/mover-fileshare-to-o365), [SharePoint Migration Tool](https://docs.microsoft.com/sharepointmigration/introducing-the-sharepoint-migration-tool), etc.) to copy contents in the Network Share location to a user's ODB, making sure that all contents go into existing Documents, Pictures, or Desktop (create if it doesn’t exist) folders.
```

>   2. Disable the Window Folder Redirection Group Policy, make sure to leave the folder and contents on OneDrive 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Disable the Window Folder Redirection Group Policy. Make sure to leave the folder and contents on OneDrive. 
```

>   3. Enable KFM Group Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Enable KFM Group Policy.
```

>   4. Known folders should be moved to OneDrive and will merge with the existing Desktop, Documents, and Pictures folders which should contain all of the Network share content that you moved in step b.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  4. Known folders should have been moved to OneDrive and will merge with the existing Desktop, Documents, and Pictures folders which should contain all of the Network share content that was moved in Step 2.
```
